SEP-8: replace account setup with transaction composition (#817)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0008.md

### Best practices

> - Issuers using the `revised` status to make a transaction complaint is encouraged as it can take the burdens away from the wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Issuers are encouraged to use the `revised` status to make a transaction complaint when possible, since Wallets may not know how to form a transaction that is compliant with the server's criteria.
```

Author: Thanks! Much better. https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/817/commits/0b464cafd42ad658e9b1281698abbedd61b4f380
